Levels:
1: Pariah (being an outcast)
2: Stage fright (fear)
3: Suffocation (Depression)
4: Lucid (Hope)
5: The light (Freedom)


Top down of a level(suffocation)use icons for a key
[where obstactables are]


The story as the levels:

Before all levels there will be the sound of the player 
going to sleep indicating that they will be in a dream

Starting in level 1 the prog is going through
scenarios where they are constantly be put out as being an
outcast, by first thier parents fighting, then failing in 
trying to make new friends at school.

In level 2, it will put the player in the place of being
in stage fright, starting from a classroom where he has 
try to face his fears (the dark shadows that now try to
reach towards him) yet ending once they reached past an
actual stage, confronted by the blinding spot light and
trying to see if they can navigate through it to reach 
once again into what is now seen as the safety of the 
darkness.

Level 3 is where the player will be running from a 
wave like fog of darkness that is threatening to consume
the player. In this case they will be navigating through
many different dream like obstacles yet never really going
in anywhere in particular. They'll find themselves plauged
with shadow monsters around them trying to reach out but 
end with finding a place that the character feels will be
safe, even if it means they're alone.

Level 4, despite feeling safe, the player is much darker 
a sign that they have been corrupted by thier depression.
The world around them has a bit of a light purple tinge 
with the faintest hint of golden light. It's odd, yet the
player will notice a consistent person who isn't a shadow
monster but instead almost a being of light, close yet just
out of reach. The person representing someone who has come 
into thier life as a light of hope, they'll be navigating
outside like through parks, and city streets places that 
are outside of his home. The level would end with him 
reaching an open plain on what seems to be like the 
outside of the player's town.

The final level, the player will running through a similar
sort of dreamscape that was like the depression level
however this time there will be a slightly lighter theme
similar to the hope level as the player is running away to 
try to avoid getting sucked back into depression. Upon 
passing many of the shadow monsters that normally would try 
to drag you in as well, they would turn white/golden until 
they manage to get to a final doorway of light at the end
that signifies the freedom into a new life of happiness that
the character will now get to experience.Thus ending the 
story of the game.